Remove directional language: below Pt. 2 (#3437)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/key_value_pairs.md

## News Feed

> Key-value pairs can be added to a News Feed Card in the Braze message composer under the categories drop down-menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Key-value pairs can be added to a News Feed Card in the Braze message composer under the categories dropdown.
```
